### Explain the importance of delivering value early and often, iterating and continuously improving workflows where necessary.

Since my last reflection(Todorow, 2021) about agile I watched YouTube video with Bob Martin. (BOB MARTIN PRESENTS: The Future of Agile, 2021) In which "Uncle Bob" tells the audience that the number of developers is doubling every 5 years. This one cause, that there is 50% of inexperienced programmers every 5 years. I was surprised with the numbers he gave me. I was surprised with the numbers he gave me. I asked myself: Is there any known pattern or solution which would let So many people assimilate and fit into workflow of teams in IT. Referring to my notes about guest lecture Simon Tasker.(Todorow, 2021) He said that he would prefer to work with person who knows how to work in team rather than programmer who just know how to code. I Agree with that, good teamwork based on a scrum, when everyone knows what each member is doing thanks to scrum board. In case of trouble any team member can ask for help on a daily standup. Sprint retrospective if done often becomes very precious added value to the team and the task. All of that increase speed of the project. I think that working in agile way is the solution for lack of knowledge or experience. When I work with my friend on our small project (Todorow, 2021), we divide tasks into a smaller ones. [LO1.1.1.1] Every time when we finish our "small goal" we feel that we achieve something. It is essential to for everyday programming sessions. When we achieve some goal, we are hungry for more. By improving my code, I see that I can build something better every time. With higher code quality or better readability. It just creates me more professional programmer which is my goal.

Todorow, B., 2021. first Agile Reflection. [online] bitbucket.org. Available at: <https://bitbucket.org/vileider/semester1/src/main/larger_text_files/Agile%26REST_reflection.md> [Accessed 8 December 2021].

youtube.com. 2021. BOB MARTIN PRESENTS: The Future of Agile. [online] Available at: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FedQ2NlgxMI&t=4639s> [Accessed 7 December 2021].

Todorow, B., 2021. guest speaker notes. [online] bitbucket.org. Available at: <https://bitbucket.org/vileider/semester1/src/main/guest_speaker_notes/simonTaskerBoeing.md> [Accessed 7 December 2021].

Todorow, B., 2021. LO1.1.1.1: code. [online] github.com. Available at: <https://github.com/szymonbasiul/bosoreact2> [Accessed 7 December 2021].
